Documentation updates (#5)
DataDog/synthetics-ci-orb: README.md

# Datadog Synthetics CircleCI Orb

## Overview

[![CircleCI Build Status](https://circleci.com/gh/DataDog/synthetics-ci-orb.svg?style=shield "CircleCI Build Status")](https://circleci.com/gh/DataDog/synthetics-ci-orb) [![CircleCI Orb Version](https://badges.circleci.com/orbs/datadog/synthetics-ci-orb.svg)](https://circleci.com/orbs/registry/orb/datadog/synthetics-ci-orb) [![Apache 2.0 License](https://shields.io/badge/license-Apache--2.0-lightgray)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/synthetics-ci-orb/main/LICENSE) [![CircleCI Community](https://img.shields.io/badge/community-CircleCI%20Discuss-343434.svg)](https://discuss.circleci.com/c/ecosystem/orbs)

> Run Synthetic tests within your CircleCI pipelines with the Datadog CircleCI orb

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run Synthetic tests in your CircleCI pipelines using the Datadog CircleCI orb.
```

  synthetics-ci: datadog/synthetics-ci-orb@1.0.1

jobs:
  e2e-tests:
    docker: 
      - image: cimg/base:stable
    steps:
      - synthetics-ci/run-tests:
          files: e2e-tests/*.synthetics.json

workflows:
  run-tests:
    jobs:
      - e2e-tests
```

## Complex workflows

### Example workflow using the `test_search_query`

```
version: 2.1

orbs:
  synthetics-ci: datadog/synthetics-ci-orb@1.0.1

jobs:
  e2e-tests:
    docker: 
      - image: cimg/base:stable
    steps:
      - synthetics-ci/run-tests:
          test_search_query: 'tag:e2e-tests'

workflows:
  run-tests:
    jobs:
      - e2e-tests
```

> ### Example workflow using the [Synthetic testing tunnel][10]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example workflow using the [Synthetics Testing Tunnel][10]
```

`variables` | string | _none_ | Key-value pairs for injecting variables into tests. Must be formatted using `KEY=VALUE`.
`version` | string | `v1.1.1` | The version of datadog-ci to use

## Further Reading

Additional helpful documentation, links, and articles:

- [CI/CD Integrations Configuration][6]

> - [Synthetics CI GitHub Action][11]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Synthetics and CI GitHub Actions][11]
```
